13333011. vii

contends that such was the praetioe of the old writers
themselves. This oourse hassome advantages in an
edition designed for studente habituated to the oon-
ventional orthography of the grammarians, ond is
perhaps safest while some questions romain unsolved.
Itis my conviction‚ however, that the 11331 result of
331101311)1 investigation in this field will be the adop-
tion of 3 uniform orthography for 33311 age or 33311
author, with the exeeption of occasional variation ina
few formS, which, like heth and 1103 111 English, 0311
113 proved to have stood side by side. The eonven-
ienoe of studente has been oonsulted in indicatingi
ooneonons and n consonans by the characters so long
appropriated to that purpose.

In the Notes it 1133 been my aim, as it was in my
editions of Horace and virgil, to give such aid 33 is
most necessary and most useful sor studente in our
eolleges and sehools. Credit is given to various
scholare whose labors have been helpful. Two of
these de'serve special aoknowledgment,-Weissenborn,
for his commentary on all the 1100113, end Seeley for
his notes on the First. Professor Seeley's “His-
torioal Examination of Book First'' deserves the
careful study of every scholar. Ι have' appended to
this edition the page end a half in whioh he sums up
the result of his examinatior, trusting that many

who read it will be induoed to follow its able author
in the exhaustive investigation by which he arrives

at these eonelusions. ·
THOMAS OHASE.

rme-consonum rudinus, adopted ln tho text, 3131αῷ33303 hy mlta

 

